Health insurance takes care of our hospitalization
and all the medical expenses related to it.
Now,
we have health insurance, but
we haven't been to a hospital for many years, so
in such a situation, we feel that our money is being
wasted. At the same time, if we have to
consult a doctor, have a
medical test, or take any medicine, or undergo
any therapy, then our money is
spent on it. And since we have a health
insurance policy, then we
feel that our health insurance
is completely based on it, our money is also being
wasted. To solve this problem,
ICC Lombard has launched a plane
which covers all the medical expenses related to OPD and OPD. It also has
many benefits. In today's video,
we will also know about the Fit plane in detail
and see what are its unique
benefits and features. So stay tuned
with the video.
Spyder is a comprehensive plane in which
we get many benefits, first OPD,
preventive health care services, welding
services and value added services.
We will further elaborate on all the features.  If we look at the details, the
minimum entry age for this plan is
6 years for an individual and the maximum entry age for a
dependent child is
3 months to 5 years in the Family Floater plan.
Talking about the future, the
maximum entry age is 65 years and the maximum entry age
for a dependent child is
20 years in the Family Floater ProLife.
We get the option of life in this plan.
Talking about insurance, we get this plan
with ICC Health Insurance Policy or
SA Rider with Arogya Sanjivani or Health Booster.
We
can add this rider with our existing policy or a new policy.
In this plan, we get the option to add maximum Prime
members in this Family Floater plan, which
includes two adult three dependent children.
Talking about relationships, it includes self-spouse, dependent children,
dependent grandchildren, dependent
parents, dependent parents, two
siblings and grandchildren.
Talking about payment of claims, the
best benefit of this plan is that
we can take all the benefits of this plan in cash.  The
first benefit is outpatient consultation.
When we go to a doctor for consultation or for
our routine checkup,
we are not taking him to the hospital at that time,
but there are some medical expenses at that time as well.
All these expenses will be done on
cashless basis at the network centers. Along with this, there are
some procedures also which are
done in this plan like Drainage of
access injection including intramuscular
intravenous injection, Brain management,
Otoscopic management of nasal packing,
Control of hemorrhage, Nebulizer therapy,
Removal of foreign body, Removal of
Swiss
serosal air, removal of wax application and
removal of plaster, Minor vein management.
When we take OPD consultation with a doctor, then
apart from diagnostic tests, we also have to purchase some medicines.
In this plan, we
get pharmacy benefits, which means that
whatever medicine the doctor can make
available from the network center, that
too
gets delivered automatically. Along with this, in case of any
injury or illness, if the doctor tells
us  If we prescribe physiotherapy,
we also get its benefits
in this plan. Apart from this,
if we do
not take physical consultation with the doctor but take consultation through
audio-video online portal chat and
mobile application, then its charges are
also included in this plan. Apart from this, we
get the benefit of which link in which
we can book counselling for lifestyle imbalance, primary parenting and child care, speech impairment problems related to psychological, mental in psychiatric and psychosocial disorders, stress, anxiety, etc. through
mobile app and can attend counselling.
But for that, we have to take a special diet plan according to our health condition and do
nutrition management. We
can take our diet plan and nutrition consultation free of cost in this plan. Along with this,
we
get the option of preventive health care in which adults
above 21 years of age are covered
in the policy. Preventive health  You can get checkups. There are
already packages for these health checkups
which can be
availed at network centres on a cashless basis.
Preventive healthcare services
include diet and nutrition, health risk assessment, preventive
care, medical
renewal. You
can redeem the discount against premium or avail the discount against health related
deals and offers.
Participation and successful completion of gym health events earns you
250 points per event, maximum up to 500.
Participation and successful completion of fitness challenges
earns you 500 points per 250 challenges. Achieving wellbeing tasks like target
steps can
earn you 2400 points,
100 points for speaking with a health expert,
and 300 points for teleconsultations.
500 points for adding policy details during on-boarding.
300 points will be available for points and card verification. The
next benefit
is the Healthy Benefit in which we are awarded some well being points on
displaying a healthy lifestyle and healthy behaviour.
If we perform our routine diagnostic,
minor procedure and pharmacy visits,
we are awarded well being
points. Up to 10%
off annual function, 100% off
basic premium is awarded. Well being points are awarded on doing this.
11% to 25% off some injury,
60% off basic premium is awarded. Well being
points are awarded on
doing this. 26% to 240% off annual function, 40%
off basic premium is
awarded. And if we perform
above 80%, there are no awards.
This is a subject to undertaking
guidelines. In this plan, we get
an additional concept of health management program.
Every year, your health case
telephone does an assessment. If
any critical is found in this assessment,  If you have a condition or
any adverse health condition,
you are shifted to the Health Management Program. The
Health Management
Program is a paid program for which
you have to pay an additional premium. The
tenure of the program is 2 years, for which
you have to pay an additional premium. Along with this,
you get a health coach and additional three
consultations, three counseling sessions.
Apart from this, you get health code, drive health
management program,
fingerprint and listing, welding, stress
management, happiness index,
health coach support, etc. and
after that, when you achieve your good health goals,
you are shifted to the regular B Fit OPD
government. If you wish, you
can also opt for this health management program yourself, for which you will have to pay a
respectable premium. The
company has a list of 37 health conditions, if
detected, you will be
considered eligible for the health management program
and you will be shifted to the health management program,
such as hypertension,
diabetes, obesity, cardio vascular disease,
cancer, office speech. You will have to
shift to this management program.
Apart from this, we also get some value added
services like ambulance
assistant, which will help us in getting
transportation between treatment and hospital.  We
get support to arrange an ambulance for this.
This is just support;
we have to pay the ambulance charges ourselves.
Apart from this, we get
deals and discounts from network providers.
If we make certain facilities available to network providers,
such as
diagnostic tests and pharmaceutical
medicines, then we get deals and
discounts available on them. Apart from this,
we get the benefit of a health assistant, in
which if we want to understand our health condition
from an expert, then ICC
Lombard's platform
is a unique benefit. If you have
any ICC Lombard policy, then you
can make it available at the time of renewal
or buy it with your new policy.
If you want
a free of cost consultation related to health insurance
or want to purchase
a right health insurance plan according to your medical conditions, then you
can WhatsApp on the number given below. If
you have any doubt related to this plan, then
ask by commenting below. If you
want to see the next video on this topic,
also tell us by commenting friends.
Good video.  If you liked it then definitely like it and
subscribe to the channel. See you
in the next video. Thank you.